A0-1199 set_code_hash example (#1)
Cardinal-Cryptography/contracts: upgradability/set_code_hash/named_address_store/README.md

storage layouts of the orginal contract and the new one differ.

### Upgrading `address_store` smart contract: upgrade with storage layout change

For an intorduction of how to upgrade with `set_code_hash` see `efficient_address_store` example.

#### Storage collisions

The big difference between the upgrade in `efficient_address_store` example, and in this one, is that here we want to change the storage layout.
In both `address_store` and `efficient_address_store` we just needed to keep a `Vec` of addresses, so both contract codes mapped this `Vec` to the 
same part of contract's storage. Now we want to store a `Vec` of pairs `(AccountId, Option<String>)`, so if we were to perform a simple upgrade
like before, we would not be able to read the old data.

This time we need to store the new data in a different place.

#### Uninitialized storage

Another problem which arises with a change of the storage layout is the fact, that right after the upgrade our new variables are uninitialized.
Since we just swap out the old code for the new one, the constructor of a new contract cannot be called, and we are not able to use our new storage.

#### `openbrush::upgradeable_storage` macro

> Solving both of this problems might generate a quite a lot of boilerplate when writing in pure ink!, so in this example we use `upgradable_storage(STORAGE_KEY)` macro

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Solving both of these problems might generate a quite a lot of boilerplate when writing in pure ink!, so in this example we use `upgradeable_storage(STORAGE_KEY)` macro

```
